Update yale_smart_alarm documentation (#17900)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yale_smart_alarm.markdown

  - Alarm
ha_release: 0.78
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@gjohanssson-ST'
ha_domain: yale_smart_alarm
ha_platforms:
  - alarm_control_panel
---

> The `yale_smart_alarm` platform provides connectivity with the Yale Smart Alarm systems and Smart Hub through Yale's API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Yale Smart Living integration provides connectivity with the Yale Smart Alarm systems and Smart Hub through Yale's API.
```
